Oh
hello everybody this is jessica i'm back
with my weight loss journey 1500 calorie
rewind update for the month of May I put
myself on a 1500 calorie diet and good
news i did was late i think those as
much as I wanted to lose but I lost a
good amount of weight so I'll get back
to oly lots of me with all the healthy
foods that I have chose to eat and just
feel good I feel much better about
myself I feel healthier drinking a lot
of green tea a lot of non sugary
beverages no soda not even tie it so
they just so sweet to me now because I
got adjusted to you know a different way
of eating I can't really even drink the
diet sodas so um it's been interesting
you know learning a lot about nutrition
so the month of May was kind of my month
of experimenting with different foods
and what exercise regimen works for me
and it was success I I thought it
wouldn't work because sometimes when you
keep trying diets and I keep feeling on
you you kind of give up hope you know
you kind of think that what I'm doing is
a big waste of time but not actually my
first week I've lost around four pounds
on the first week of May and that was no
exercise and I was just cutting my diet
excuse me cutting my calorie intake in
half
and I wind up losing around four pounds
okay so let's talk about the weight loss
itself last month for the month of may I
started to die it at around 458 but I
actually started my calvi restriction
April fifteenth which was around 466 but
that was an unofficial start date that
was just me just telling myself I gotta
do something you know but the month of
May was more organized but in April
actually did try to cut down on my
County intake I'm i still don't count
april as my official months of starting
the weight loss journey because it was
right in the middle of the month but I
wind up losing around eight pounds
within those couple of weeks so the
beginning of May away then at 458 and
now it's June today's Jim third today's
june third and i weigh in at 4 45 so
i'll also around 13 pounds for the month
of
for the month of May and I'm so happy
and all together that's around 21 pounds
since April and that's pretty darn good
you know so if you look at its around
six weeks so lost 21 pounds in 6 weeks
since april fifteenth um I actually
expected a bigger number for the end of
may but I'm not complaining 13 pounds
you know and one month is not bad you
know every week I was losing an average
of three to four pounds so and I know a
lot of nutritionists recommend one to
two pounds but everybody's body is
different and since I'm a bigger person
losing three to four pounds it's not
that bad because I know for a fact that
wasn't starving myself so I feel good 21
pounds down April I was for 66 and now I
am 445 still a long way to go but I am
happy I noticed things like my jeans or
fitting me much looser 20 pounds does
make a big difference in notice um I
noticing even if you look at the other
video and compared to this video I'll
probably put a comparison on this side
you can probably see I could see it in
my face I could see it in my neckline
see it's so difference I mean these are
the things may not mean much to the
average person but when you're a bigger
person you start to notice these little
things are getting smaller on you it's
it's accepting i'm leaving with some
pictures if you have any tips for me any
comments please leave them
I would not mind tips if you in the
process of losing weight and you are
around my size range any helpful
knowledge will be appreciated so that's
it I'll see you at the end of the month
and hopefully I will have another big
number bye
you